All right, so now that we have that, let's go ahead and run this real quick so I can see how it looks
on the phone or our emulator.
Real quick here.
Very nice.
It looks really nice.
It's in the middle and yeah, we're doing great.
So now let's go ahead and put together the the code that will give us this animation that we need okay
and compose.
We have access to a lot of different kinds of animation, and that's the beauty of compose.
In fact, I could create a total different course just on animation, but we're going to use a subset
of this animation.
So the idea is that we're going to be scaling up and down this, this entire structure here, this entire
logo.
And then after a few milliseconds, we're going to jump onto the next screen, which is going to be
the log in screen.
So how do we create this structure of animating our logo in this case?
So I'm calling logo.
This is this is what I call it, a logo, essentially all of these surface.
So essentially, what we want to be able to do is to scale up and down right this surface here, which
is indeed our logo.
To do that, we need to have some sort of animation.
Now how do we animate something?
Well, in this case, here we are going to use a different block here called launched effect.
I'm going to say launched effect as such.
OK.
And if you look at it, it is actually part of the compose runtime.
So if you scroll down, is going to say when launched effect endorse when launched effect enters this
block.
When launched, in fact enters this composition, it will launch a block into the compositions quarantine
context.
The quarantine will be canceled and relaunched.
Wouldn't launched.
In fact, esque recompose occur different key.
So, Courtney, in this case, what he's saying is that we want to stay away from the main thread because
we don't want to bog down the main thread, which is solely for the user interface, for drying the
user interface.
So we're saying we're going to launch these in a separate thread sake.
There's more to that, of course, but that's the essence of all of this.
So I say launched effect, I said, and I'm going to say true for the key and for the block, because
I know the block is also the last function parameter of the fact I can actually use the trailing lambda.
And you can see, indeed, I have inside here the actual quarantine scope, which means we can run code
here that requires to be outside of the main thread, if you will.
All right.
So in this case here, I'm going to use a variable to scale things down to a certain value.
But for that, I'll have to create yes, because it's going to be a state that create a variable called
scale.
Such wear make it a remember anima table like this.
Get the animate table, compose like that.
And I'm going to add the initial value here of zero f floats.
OK.
So this is going to be the scale factor and initial value is going to be zero and it has to be float.
OK, so we can use that value inside here.
It's not going to say scale dot and then once they animate.
More animate, too, can animate to decay or animate, too.
So in this case, here I need to pass the target value.
In the end, we should scope and so forth.
It could all get you can always come down here and start reading what this animator who does so says
it starts in animation to animate from a value to the provided target value.
The target value here you can play with this, but target of value is going to be.
I'm going to say zero that nine f OK, and I'm going to pass here.
The animation specs.
So the idea is that what kind of animation I'm looking to do?
Well, there are a few.
I'm going to use the twin animation there, and that's a function.
And then this requires a few parameters.
Also, it's duration.
So how long this animation will last?
In this case, I want 800.
Milliseconds or less than a second?
Right.
And I can pass the easing.
So the elasticity of this animation?
OK.
In this case, here it's a lambda.
I'm going to say I want to use the overshoot interpolated.
And for that, I need to pass detention, say tension that I need eight f and then I'm going to say,
don't get interpolation and pass in the act.
You know, a lot of code here.
All we're doing really is that we are creating the actual animation we pass in the animation aspect.
Obviously, the target file is going to be zero point nine.
Our animation spec here, we pass the twin and we say how long this animation will last.
It's going to be eight hundred millisecond and we passed easing the curve.
They will be used to interpolate between start and end values.
And of course, we have or should interpret later pass attention and they get interpolation past act,
which is these float that we get in our easing lambda.
So all of this is actually given by the framework.
If we had to do this manually ourselves, well, we would have to do a lot of work.
So that's one of the powers that we get from using compose.
All right.
And next here wanting to do still inside of our launch, the fact you might think of it as a different
lane, I'm going to delay this and say delay, right?
It can pass time, melaye's or duration.
Just time is fine.
And I'm going to delay this for about 2000 long, which in this case, two thousand milliseconds.
So this is about two seconds.
In this case, we've created the scale animate table, their initial value zero, and we know that a
target is going to be 0.9.
OK.
These are floats, of course.
And now the scale here.
It's going to change its status or its state as this animation happens.
So this scale needs to be called somewhere just like with any other surface or any other composer where
we can actually attach the scale.
The scalability of the scale of our surface look at is inside of our modified gives away surface, which
indeed we're talking about this whole logo here, as I call it.
We can actually go and say something like this dot scale so we can scale this surface here.
This composable.
And what are we going to pass?
Well, we're going to scale value that actually scale got value like this for our scale.
So as the animation happens, this surface here will also get the value of our state right and then
change accordingly.
So this entire surface now, should I dare to our animation?
Is that true?
Well, let us see.
I'm going to run.
Let's look at our map here.
If all goes well, you should see that scaling animation happening.
And there it is.
OK.
It works.
Let's do it again because we worked so hard for it.
And while obviously you can go ahead and change these values to your liking and you can research more
about animation compose and there's a lot you can do, this is just scratching the surface.
But at least we have something decent that users hopefully get delighted by.